Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies beginning April 11, 2019. You may change your consent anytime in our App Settings.

At Leo VPN. we recognize that privacy is significant. This User Experience Program (“Policy”) applies to your use of the Android Cleaner applications on all platforms (the “Application” or “Applications”), the related services we provide (“Services”) and the Site.

Leo VPN (“us” or “we”) has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the Services and the Site.

By using Application, the Services or the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.

This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.

A. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

a. Personal Information. We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and / or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic area information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and / or the Site which identifies you or another person.

b. Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about Users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.

1 Session and Usage Data. “Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of an Application, the Services and / or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application, the Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and area. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.), the Services, or the Site.

2 Log Data. When you interact with us or use an Application, the Services or our Site, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use (“Log Data”).

3 Aggregate Information. “Aggregate Information” is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Applications, the Services and the Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, the Services and the Site, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications, the Services and the Site.

4 Other Information. You may provide us with various information in connection with your interaction with our Services. For example, you may through tagging functionality report a phone number as spam or some other attribute to be included in spam blocking directories. We will collect the information you provide in connection therewith, as well as any other information you provide through the services or when you communicate or interact with us.

B. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION

a. Personal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.

b. Non- Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:

1 To personalize user experience. We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;

2 To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site and develop new services, such as maintain User spam lists and build a community based spam blocking directory;

3 To further develop Leo VPN business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.

C. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED

a. Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, the Services and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.

b. Non-Personal Information. We may disclose Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).

D. PERMISSIONS USED BY Leo VPN

– Precise location (GPS and network-based) & approximate location (network-based)

ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION

ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION

Leo VPN does not recognize or save users’ location information for any malicious purpose. These permissions are required to provide more accurate, localized services based on country regions, which serves the goal to improve the user experience. We will never upload any users’ location information.

– Full network access & receive data from Internet

ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE

INTERNET

This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including downloading Virus Database and App Junk Cache Database.

– View Wi-Fi connections

ACCESS_WIFI_STATE

This permission is used in Leo VPN settings in order to view Wi-Fi connections.

– Get, authenticate and manage accounts on the device

AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS

GET_ACCOUNTS

MANAGE_ACCOUNTS

Leo VPN neither recognizes nor saves users’ account information for any programs. This permission is used for us to read the email when you send feedback to us so that we can contact you when problem solved.

– Get battery stats

BATTERY_STATS

This permission allows Leo VPN to get the battery stats, in order to inform and help users to save battery.

– Directly call phone numbers & Answer phone calls

CALL_PHONE

This permission allows user directly answer or hang up the phone calls. This won’t result in unexpected fees and calls. Leo VPN won’t upload your privacy information.

– Take pictures and videos

CAMERA

This permission is used to take photos of the intruders who want to snoop on your private apps. We will never upload any users’ pictures or videos.

– Change network connectivity

CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE

This permission is used in Leo VPN settings and notification toolbar, in order to change network connectivity.

– Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi

CHANGE_WIFI_STATE

This permission is used in Leo VPN settings in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.

– Read and write App storage space

CLEAR_APP_CACHE

CLEAR_APP_USER_DATA

GET_PACKAGE_SIZE

PACKAGE_USAGE_STATS

WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE

Leo VPN is allowed to detect and delete junk files on users’ phone with this permission.

– Disable keyguard

DISABLE_KEYGUARD

This permission allows Leo VPN to provide a quick entry for features like Boost or Junk Clean on the lock screen page.

– Expand status bar

EXPAND_STATUS_BAR

This permission is only used to guide users when using notification organizer for the first time.

– Control flashlight

FLASHLIGHT

This permission is used to turn ON/OFF your device’s camera flashlight.

– Retrieve running apps

GET_TASKS

This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps.

– Close other Apps

KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES

Leo VPN is allowed to stop other apps and boost your phone with this permission.

– Modify audio settings

MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS

This permission is used to modify the sound of notification to provide a better experience.

– Read contacts

READ_CONTACTS

Leo VPN does not recognize or save users’ contacts information for any programs. The only purpose is to help users block all annoying spam calls and provide powerful call assistance. We will never upload any users’ contacts information.

– Read the contents of your USB storage

READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE

This permission allows users to view files stored on their SD card. We promise that we will never disclose your privacy to any person or third party interest information.

– Read phone status

READ_PHONE_STATE

The only purpose of using this permission is to identify call status so that users can directly answer or hang up the phone calls. Phone status is not read for any other purposes.

– Read sync settings

READ_SYNC_SETTINGS

This permission allows Leo VPN to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.

– Receive boot completed

RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED

This permission allows Leo VPN to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.

– Reorder tasks

REORDER_TASKS

This permission allows Leo VPN to provide users with a smoother experience when switching between different apps.

– System alert window

SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW

This permission allows Leo VPN to protect private applications with AppLocker. Leo VPN won’t upload your privacy information.

– Vibration

VIBRATE

This permission allows Leo VPN to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.

– Wake lock

WAKE_LOCK

This permission allows Leo VPN to keep the phone awake during a scanning.

– Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage

WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE

This permission allows users to delete files stored on their SD card. We promise that we will never disclose your privacy to any person or third party interest information.

– Toggle sync on and off

WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS

This permission allows Leo VPN to synchronize with the user’s sync settings.

– Accessibility

BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE

This permission is used to close apps chosen by users with accessibility. This is only used to speed up user devices and no relative information will be uploaded.

– Request install packages

REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGES

This permission is only used in App Manager feature to help users install apps easily. Leo VPN won’t upload your privacy information.

E. THIRD- PARTY SITES

In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. We do not collect your information on and through and This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.

F. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OUR THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING PARTNERS

We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. You may find more details about our partners in links below:

• https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/

• https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/

Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’ settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.

G. USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.

H. SECURITY

Leo VPN is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.

I. INTERNATIONAL USERS

Your Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application, the Services or the Site you consent to the transfer of your Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application, the Services or the Site and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.

J. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits user who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as “California Disclosure Information.”

K. SENSITIVE INFORMATION

We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.

L. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us lellonyangusi@gmail.com



M. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change this private policy, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the Leo VPN Services or any Leo VPN products following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.